# Software-Test-Automation

Following this class, I have leared a great deal regarding test automation, the value it serves to aproject and how to design these types of tests. When designing, it is imperative that I make sure my code, program or software is both functional and secure. In order to ensure my code is functional, I learned I can implement unit tests that will be able to test each method I am working to add to my program. This allows me to test individual components before they are applied to the whole software and detect any functionality issues before the entire system is built. I also try to implement inducstry best practices with my coding to try to maintain security with my code. I implemented input validation with my code to also assist with this. Interpreting user needs for a software is essential for appropriately designing a software to mee the user's demands. In order to do this, I first review and ensure I have a clear understanding of what the user requirements are and what their vision is for the software. I want to clearly understand what their intentions are, the demands they have for the software and what they envisioned for the software so I can aim to incorporate all of this into my design of the software. When designing software, I approach it with a clear understanding of the requirements, followed by an gaining an understanding of any dependencies I will need for the software, and then I will desigining components with unit tests to ensure my software is functioning correctly. 
